we're back you're on today tomorrow I'm
Stephen white and I'm here with some of
the most notorious street races in
Victoria
eat the number one baby my name is
Mohammed papadopoulos and hopefully
believe that the news people's is most
over representing the street scene in
Victoria and I do not believe that it is
bad as they say that it is is my my name
a cop some bone in anger leader of the
lucky dragon racing team and you know I
don't believe that the news and the
media I don't believe they doing us
justice I think they doing us the wrong
way I guess the first thing is what made
of eights these drivers to turn around
and our streets and endanger the lives
of so many innocent civilians why do you
do it well firstly I would just like to
clarify for all user homes that it is
the hoodie when you are control of your
vehicles and me I have always in the
control and secondly what is the point
of having the twin turbos and the
massive spoilers and the Far exhaust
like three inches if you cannot go on
the streets and show them off I don't
know have a so goo far for no reason
that's so good for is to draw the
attention so I can get the crowds and if
I get the crowd will that i'll do the
races if will i think the media the
media they do is wrong like I already
say in second the second day neum like I
watched a movie in the with a big screen
and Oded chicky babe in the car like the
fastener furious you take up they got
the money they got a chicky babe they
got they got a movie if they have the
movie obviously they doing something
right obviously you need to rice and
stopped because obviously that the good
one I mean why they have a movie if it
may I don't think it may because they
are movie and well I
like the chicky babe because they're not
enough chicken bait for me I got a lot
of love for a lot of cheeky bite what is
the fastest speed you two have been able
to achieve in your vehicles this is
actually a funny story and I'm quite
glad that you have mentioned it because
i was actually racing that is a kill
from the happy lucky dragon factory and
i had Marvel turbo which will cause a la
verse car and it was so sweet it have
rims that was so big that even my fat
sister kula was shocked and that is that
is big now we went on through the hill
freeways that has just opened up before
it was already open sir mr. Easter link
we went to Eastern ink on one of the
entrances that was all open and we lined
up and he has some chick in a miniskirt
wave us for a start and I was so fast
that he could not catch me at the start
and then move October skate Dean he
still could not catch me in his little
rust burner and I don't know how fast
are exactly gots to but when I crossed
the finish line after I slow down like
that you say ball at the other kicks I
saw that I was doing 190 and I was on
the on the sodium so I don't even don't
even know yeah um first of all the guy
with that stupid hat he lying because I
never lose to him cuz I'm do good my car
too good in my chicky bite too good
money buddy he imagined that he believed
me somehow but this that never happened
one time that I race on a sling I
remember I race him and I beat him
really bad I raising my skyline and bend
ave sick with the twin turbo and the
exhaust system in the ring and the body
kick the maximize the airflow and did no
way he can bring me in to hold him no
way japanese machinery in the awesome
the old see the Japanese killing any day
you check
indeed I think maybe I'm not sure but I
look down at the speedo when i'm racing
him and it went past what the speedo can
do and he'd gone around the second time
then I don't know maybe I'm imagining
but I'm greedy shoulder it was maybe
going 300 maybe his hearings been going
on for way too long will you ever stop I
do not see myself ever stopping because
number one I am the best in Victoria
maybe even possibly the Australia and
secondly because my mom she had the
cancer and unless you find a cure for
the cancer I need to keep racing to make
money for her treatment you know that
the three men die maker aboard no
seriously tho Xin Xin very sick yeah
well I'm not stop now and I'm not stop
in the future and I'm not stop ever
because I'm too good and when I race I
get the chicky babe cuz they love me
racing and winning and I'm like the king
and well the guy will disturb ahead he
not number one heat babe was I like to
thank Mohamed papa baba gobblers bro and
cop some bum for taking the time out of
their busy schedule to give us this
interview you no worry a gong hay fat
choy I'm Stephen white and this is today
tomorrow